1金钱制度不是私有制
money society is not one person just be his myself!
2共产主义为什么形似传销
red societi just speak help each other,but he dont speak who to be farmer,blue society say who think benifit who go.
2.2马克思的问题
i very affraid, the person Kaerl Maxr(you know).what he did,i dont know the front-person,but it seems he speak something,whatever i use person to earn money or i use my body to earn money,the money is one compare one,it is very bad.then what you engry that they have the patent、the land of private、the market、the machine and computer...,and they win after that greater higher price to make you cant breathe?MAX did tell us the different eyes-world of government,but did he same like the red soldier.and the country did will do the thing to cheat people of what he what her what that is.so i affraid.but it is nothing,red is red like we know.just a questiong of double.and i dont read his true book.
2.3贵族强者与弱者幸福之争的世界思考
the stronger and the poorer,what to live together,Red Way or Blue Way?eh,i find it is a question that has conflict.it cant be anwser because of that.a conflict want to solve you need to know what the season it comes?a door be clock but you need to in,it is a conflict question.so why it comes,something must be in,if the door will open in its special time for you,may be you need to wait.so stronger or poorer,we need to know what season cause it comes,or it comes just let you wrong?haha.
3帝国主义的强大。
a society be most power like empire society that you need know let person cant fuse to work may power but not peace not love.red or blue ?no happy who care
4金钱主义相关资料
  1i dont think GDP is important,we can get much happy thing but no house,if that GDP is little thing.
  2cost can make more create if create is enough.
  3gold is not great money,because money is not control by counrty,but it may be control by any organize who control gold-mine
  4more money more powerful(you dont need know,i just say for bookful)
  5give other person money(you dont need know,i just say for bookful)
5法学
use law to make others to active just like law-makes,i wonder why we cant know if i hurt one in sometime ,guilty or nothing.and the law cant be the perfect because it create by person.so why i obey it event one person hits me and robs thing,and i cant hit her?
5私有制
if one want to be great, dont be effect by others.(something my write is bad in such side.but if it is create by me,i can change it for my idea)
7公有制
if we dont have much experience ,by speak with all person ,we can reach the high like master.but if we need others,may be we cant change timething for free.(and it seems if we can control a land ,the time of the land ...if we can control,what is country.)
7.2公开信息说实在好吗
if world is peaceful ,and dont effect mood ,you let others know you,you will get more big faster to be touch by others.
7.2选举制的弊端
the election.i join election in China,1 in here, the official would not express they and we may be not know them2 in here,they may use violence to make win,and his of-person will chat with others to win.my teacher and my father is effect me in twice of my three election.(and you need know that i dont know them)3 in school the teacher force us to elects who.you know to know in here we dont have the organize of Person.but i truely want to say is not this,it is not every person know Country not every person in your country,so if just election but not let person know country be knowledgeful,attack for country,it is a stupy way to effect country. (the person of other country,if need you can help,but you need know land is cant live for too much person,and person will get together to became organize ,then if they bad ,you will get a big trouble.and help them is right,in future,if you become animals,you need other person help you,is also,isnt it?)
8体制该如何处理
person want is different with other person,i think not one organize is be need for just.
9世界
in the world ,we must do three type of work.one we like,one we believe ,one we which time can do it for chance(no purpose).and it seems want to get greatest happy need every's knowledge
i think the world is create by heart ,let we do it.want want want ,and world be change.and if we do onething we will be bad,it is dis..?why it in?if it doesnt.
if we dont want to live.we can no eat food ,and play by dream.just use every thing we meself have.




no time to write even one hour , goodbye
no time no time,no excite...
